docs: removed RPC section and fixed grammatical issues (#945)
open-feature/flagd: docs/reference/specifications/in-process-providers.md

# Creating an in-process flagd provider

> An in-process flagd provider, on the other hand, is designed to be embedded into the application, and therefore

Reviewer: > on the other hand,

I don't think this makes sense anymore without the comparison to the RPC one. I think then K wrote this he was trying to contrast them.

# Creating an in-process flagd provider

An in-process flagd provider is designed to be embedded into the application, and therefore no communication outside the process of the application for feature flag evaluation is needed.

> This can be desired by some architectures, especially if flag retrievals should not take longer than a certain amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be desirable in some cases, particularly if latency is a concern.
```

In addition to the built-in evaluators provided by JsonLogic, the following custom targeting rules should be implemented by the provider:

- [Fractional operation](../../reference/custom-operations/fractional-operation.md):

> This evaluator allows the splitting of the returned variants of a feature flag into different buckets, where each bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This evaluator allows splitting of the returned variants of a feature flag into different buckets, where each bucket
```
